Webcontainer api copy updates (#70)
stackblitz/webcontainer-docs: docs/guides/introduction.md

**WebContainers are a browser-based runtime for executing Node.js applications and operating system commands, entirely inside your browser tab.** Apps that previously required cloud VMs to execute user code, in WebContainers can run entirely client-side with [a number of benefits over the legacy cloud VM](#webcontainers-versus-cloud-vm-approach).

> **WebContainer API is perfect for interactive coding experiences.** Among its most common use cases are AI applications, adding in-browser code execution to your existing product, programming tutorials, next-generation documentation, browser based IDEs, and employee onboarding platforms. WebContainers have been [battle-tested by millions of users](#who-s-using-webcontainers) of StackBlitz, and inside the interactive coding environments built by [Svelte](https://learn.svelte.dev/tutorial/welcome-to-svelte), [Angular](https://angular.dev/tutorials/first-app), and [Nuxt](https://learn-dev.nuxt.com/) among others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WebContainer API is perfect for interactive coding experiences.** Among its most common use cases are AI applications, adding in-browser code execution to your existing product, programming tutorials, next-generation documentation, browser based IDEs, and employee onboarding platforms. WebContainers have been [battle-tested by millions of users](#who-s-using-webcontainers) of StackBlitz, and inside the interactive learning environments built by the [Svelte](https://learn.svelte.dev/tutorial/welcome-to-svelte), [Angular](https://angular.dev/tutorials/first-app), and [Nuxt](https://learn-dev.nuxt.com/) teams among others.
```

:::tip Ready to try it out for yourself?

> Get started in minutes with [our Quickstart guide here](./quickstart).

Reviewer: I like the redirection to the quickstart but I don't think we should give up the instant demo (our core strength). Minutes is ages for giving a StackBlitz project a spin.

```suggestion
Check out this [WebContainer API starter](https://webcontainer.new/) or see [our Quickstart guide](./quickstart) to get familiar with what's possible!
```

- **Scales to millions.** Leverages modern CDN caching and client-side compute.
- **No risk of bad actors.** Say goodbyte to bitcoin miners, malware, and phishing sites.

If you want to skip [the Quickstart guide](./quickstart) and jump stright into exploring the API, you can open the WebContainer starter project in StackBlitz here:

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://webcontainer.new)

## Who's using WebContainers?

> Initially [announced at Google I/O](https://blog.stackblitz.com/posts/introducing-webcontainers/), **WebContainers are developed by [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com) and have been battle-tested by millions of developers every month as they power the StackBlitz editor**. Externally, WebContainers also power a number of popular interactive coding environments including those built by [Svelte](https://learn.svelte.dev/tutorial/welcome-to-svelte), [Angular](https://angular.dev/tutorials/first-app), and [Nuxt](https://learn-dev.nuxt.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially [announced at Google I/O](https://blog.stackblitz.com/posts/introducing-webcontainers/), **WebContainers are developed by [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com) and have been battle-tested by millions of developers every month as they power the StackBlitz editor**. Externally, WebContainers also power a number of popular interactive learning environments including those built by the [Svelte](https://learn.svelte.dev/tutorial/welcome-to-svelte), [Angular](https://angular.dev/tutorials/first-app), and [Nuxt](https://learn-dev.nuxt.com/) teams.
```
